and a lot
new matches charlie
it is surely you will have stayed a
little freaked out of death we finished
to see what is opposite now at the beginning
of the clip I the truth that I stayed
flipado are not the following because
you will see what is in that game now
in a minute
will happen again and I will have it in
slow motion so you can see well what
what happened because I'm staying
I'm not sure if they have
returned the ya billings of elmo from uav to
3 that people shot for shooting and
suddenly the missile was falling on you in the
head
is that I was already blown away and is that more
when I go with a good run because
I'm going with a pretty good streak table
melo sansó everything I take out the web blog took out
the package again
bind a package is released
the bomber here and these two that are
doing they would be playing the text
because one was crouching the other I do not know
what I was doing but good as
you can see is click with a good run
people try to go for me and at the end
At the end of it all, my uncle kills me more
absurdity of the game with death is
which is incredible because now you will see
when we arrived at minute 23 hello my
partner has taken me the paladin him
I say come I'm going to put you with you like that
I'm going to do a little on tiptoe and like that
I also took out the palatine
you know that when a partner is
compare well you can go up with him to
support him here I realize that
There is one with me
can you come out who is with me
is doing there in all the
stations is behind rental unit
the punch of this I go with a good
you can see that the streak I have nothing
pretty good here he killed this one and
I get the paladin god I'm not going to
throw yet because I'm doing very well and I'm going
to try to get the DNA out of my DNA
I say oh my mother how am I? I'm going to
I'm going to try to get the pump out
of adn ay I will not take out for lenin
so on this map there are times that
do not
Not a long time ago
I have the vulcan, I 'm going to try
launch looking somewhere else
protected to know more or less by
where are they because you already know that I do not know
loses a lot of time is a streak
pretty fast you launch the missile is the
missile the beam and then with whatever
in front
and here you are going to realize that there is a
a guard that is allied and that is what
pass
now there will be a kid who will want
destroy the guard and aiming the
guard kills me I do not know how but what
you go to see that now I enter so
happily around here through the door and I
I'm going to see here there's an uncle shooting in
traveling I will go and suddenly die
look at the repetition is that shooting goes away
to war beat and turn around and it's coming
to me is that sometimes I did mission that
has a gust detector or something
to see him in slow motion
piccardo well that the kid has fired
and suddenly I'm not dying
I do not know why I was blown away in the
repetition because I have broken the streak
activate super good
He has gone back and hit me
because I have a detector in the ass
amazing
because I like